---
path:                 "/user-agreement"
title:              "User Agreement Page"
---

<div class="content_wrap">
    <div class="container">
        <div class="col-md-10 col-md-offset-1">
            <p style="text-align: center;"><b>merQbiz User-Agreement</b><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p style="text-align: center;">Effective Date: December 1, 2016</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p>merQbiz LLC, a delaware limited liability company ("merQbiz"), OPERATES an online marketplace for businesses to buy and sell recovered paper. By registering as a merQbiz BUYER OR Seller (collectively, A "USER"), and/or USING MERQBIZ.COM OR ANY RELATED SUBDOMAIN (collectively, the "SITE"), you are expressly agreeing to the following terms and conditions, without modification or reservation.</p>
            <p><br>Before being permitted to act as a registered User on the Site, you must read and accept all of the terms in, and linked to, this User Agreement (this “Agreement”). By accepting this Agreement, you agree that the terms and conditions set forth herein, as well as the linked documents referenced herein, such as the merQbiz Privacy Policy, EU Privacy Shield Terms and the merQbiz Dispute Resolution Policy, as well as any other agreements entered into between you and merQbiz, will apply whenever you use the Site and those services offered through the Site (the "Services").</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p>As used in this Agreement, “you", "your" or “User” mean both (a) the individual now registering as a buyer or seller through the Site, and (b) the employer or the legal business entity (the "Company") identified in your "Company Profile" (as defined below). You and the Company are jointly and severally liable for your obligations under this Agreement.&nbsp;</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Registration and Account Information.</b></p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>1.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Authority to Register.</b>&nbsp;By creating a user account (referred to as "My Account") and creating a company profile (referred to as a "Company Profile" and, collectively with My Account, a "User Profile") and/or using the Site, you represent that you are expressly authorized to act on behalf of the Company identified in the User Profile and that such authorization is in writing or based on other sufficient legal authority to enable you to form binding contracts under applicable law on behalf of the Company. Creating a User Profile does not create an active account or enable your Company to use the Site to buy or sell products through the Site. Once your User Profile is complete, merQbiz will contact you to begin the process of verifying your User Profile (including background checks and financial/credit checks). Only after merQbiz has vetted your Company will merQbiz activate your account. merQbiz reserves the right to reject your Company's registration in its sole and absolute discretion. If merQbiz rejects your Company's registration, merQbiz will notify you of its decision using the email address provided with your User Profile.&nbsp;</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>1.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Accuracy of Information.</b>&nbsp;You represent and warrant that all information submitted to the Site and contained in the User Profile is and shall remain complete, accurate and truthful. If any portion of your User Profile becomes out-of-date or in accurate, you assume full liability for such inaccuracies, including but not limited to lost sales, delayed, lost or mishandled shipments, failure to receive messages from merQbiz, other users or other third parties contacting you through the Site, and suspension or termination of your account as a result of late payment or nonpayment.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>1.3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Restrictions</b>.You shall only use the Site for the Company's own internal business purposes. You and the Company shall have no right to license, re-license, lease, outsource or sell the Site or Services to any individual or entity. You and the Company shall have no right to share, license, lease, sell, publish or distribute information contained on the Site (such as recovered-paper listings, buyer or seller information, or other services offered by you or the Company) or provide recovered-paper brokerage services to any third party using the Site or Services. You shall not: (a) modify, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the Site or any portion of the Site, including but not limited to any software, code or other user interface; and you shall take commercially reasonable care not to permit any third party to do so; or (b) publish, republish, sell, link to, embed or otherwise distribute the listings, buyer profiles, seller profiles or any other data or information made available on the Site. You shall require all contractors, consultants and affiliates accessing the Site on the Company's behalf to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and you shall ensure that any login and password information created by or provided to you is not disclosed or used by any third party other than those authorized to act on behalf of you or the Company.</p>
            <p><span>&nbsp;</span></p>
            <p><b>1.4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Rules and Conduct.</b>&nbsp;In addition to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, your use of the Site is conditioned upon your compliance with certain rules of conduct governing offers for sale, advertising and selling recovered-paper products on the Site, maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and communicating with representatives of the Site and/or other buyers and/or sellers. These rules, the majority of which are available&nbsp;in this Agreement, may also be found elsewhere as applicable on the Site, and are hereby incorporated into this Agreement in their entirety. If merQbiz believes your actions may cause merQbiz or other buyers or sellers liability, harm, or loss, merQbiz reserves the right to notify other buyers or sellers of your actions.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>1.5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Termination.</b></p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p>merQbiz may terminate your account and ability to use the Site at any time in its sole discretion, with or without cause and without prior notice to you.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p>You may terminate this Agreement and your account with merQbiz at any time. Doing so will automatically and immediately end any active Transactions (as defined in Section 4.1 below) on the Site. However, termination of your account shall not terminate any duties or obligations you may have to merQbiz, to other buyers or sellers who have completed a Transaction with you prior to the date of termination, or merQbiz's duty to pay you any amounts due for Transactions completed prior to the effective date of termination. merQbiz shall have the right to retain any amounts owed to merQbiz pursuant to this Agreement.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p>Your account will be deemed inactive and will be terminated if there is no activity on your account for one year. If your account is terminated, it will be marked inactive in your User Profile and merQbiz's system, but merQbiz shall have the right to retain your User Profile and Transaction history.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p>Should you object to any of the terms of this Agreement or any subsequent modifications thereto or become dissatisfied with the Site, your User Rating or any Services in any way, your only recourse is to immediately: (a) discontinue use of the Site and Services; (b) terminate your account; and (c) notify merQbiz in writing of such termination.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>1.6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Suspension</b>. You acknowledge and agree that merQbiz may suspend your access and use of the Site and Services, or any portions thereof, if merQbiz reasonably determines in its sole discretion that you, or anyone using your login and password, are in violation of this Agreement or any other terms and conditions referenced herein. If merQbiz suspends your access to the Site or Services, merQbiz will provide you with notice via the email address provided in your User Profile. merQbiz will have no duty to reinstate your access and use of the Site or Services until merQbiz is satisfied, in its sole and absolute discretion, that you have resolved any violation of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, you expressly acknowledge and agree that merQbiz does not have any duty to monitor your use of the Site and merQbiz's failure to discover a violation of this Agreement, or its failure to suspend your access to the Site, shall not release the Company from any liability, responsibilities or duty to indemnify merQbiz under this Agreement, or otherwise constitute a waiver of any remedies available to merQbiz or any other third party. merQbiz's rights under this Section are in addition to any other remedies merQbiz may have, including merQbiz's right to terminate this Agreement.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>MERQBIZ SERVICES.</b></p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>2.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Service Availability</b>. You acknowledge and agree that the Site and your access to the Site and Services offered through the Site may not be available at certain times as a result of routine maintenance, technical difficulties, equipment malfunctions or due to circumstances beyond merQbiz’s control.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>2.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Aggregated Data</b>.merQbiz shall have the right to collect and aggregate data derived from your use of the Site and Services. This data may be used to improve the features and functions of the Site and Services and to provide merQbiz with information regarding the recovered-paper industry and related market trends ("Aggregated Data"). merQbiz shall own the Aggregated Data and may use such Aggregated Data without restriction, except as prohibited by applicable laws or regulations governing this Agreement.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>2.3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Changes to Agreement, Site or Services.</b>&nbsp;merQbiz reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to amend and supplement this Agreement (or any other document incorporated herein), the Site or any portion of the Services, at any time. If merQbiz makes material changes to this Agreement, the Site or Services, merQbiz will post such revised Agreement or notices of Site or Service changes on the home page of the Site and notify you by email or otherwise as required or permitted by law. Your continued use of the Site or Services after such changes are posted will constitute your agreement to such amended Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended by you other than in a writing signed by both parties, and for purposes of this sentence, “writing” does not include email, and “signature” does not include an electronic signature.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>2.4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Third-party Websites.</b>&nbsp;The Site may contain links to third-party websites as well as third-party advertisements. merQbiz is not responsible for and has no liability for the privacy or other practices of any such third party. merQbiz recommends that you review the privacy policies and terms of use for each website you visit.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>2.5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Privacy.</b>&nbsp;merQbiz uses your information only as described in the merQbiz&nbsp;Privacy Policy. &nbsp;For a complete description of how your personal information may be used on the Site and your choices in this regard, please see the merQbiz Privacy Policy. Your acceptance of this Agreement constitutes your acceptance of the Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>2.6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Marketplace.</b>&nbsp;You agree and acknowledge that merQbiz is not engaged in the buying and selling of recovered-paper products, recycling services or the transportation of recovered-paper products bought and sold on the Site (herein "Product(s)"). The Site functions only as a marketplace for the sale and purchasing of recovered paper by registered buyers and sellers of the Site. merQbiz is not involved in transactions between buyers and sellers. At no time does merQbiz take possession of or title to any Product. Accordingly, merQbiz does not make any representations or warranties regarding any buyer, seller or Product on the Site; and merQbiz shall not be liable to you, the Company or any buyer or seller for any misrepresentation, inaccuracy or mistake concerning: (a) the description, quality, quantity, location or nature of any Product offered for sale by a seller on the Site; (b) the ability of any buyer to purchase a Product, including but not limited to a buyer's solvency or creditworthiness; (c) whether a seller has lawful title to a Product offered for sale on the Site; (d) whether a Product is free from liens, encumbrances or contractual claims attributable to seller; (e) whether a Product may be legally sold by the seller or purchased by a buyer; and (f) whether the sale and transfer of a Product complies with any or all applicable legal requirements for the sale, transfer and transport of that Product, including but not limited to statutes, regulations or requirements of any country, state, locality, province, municipality or other government authority or regulatory entity regarding sales or auctions, the sale and/or transfer of any Product, export or import control, taxation, duties or tariffs, presence or licensing of brokers (the foregoing, “Legal Requirements”).</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>2.7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Logistics.</b>&nbsp;merQbiz may help buyers and sellers arrange logistics services, such as product shipping, through a third-party logistics provider. Should a buyer and seller agree to engage such third-party logistics&nbsp; provider, the terms of such services shall be set forth in a separate logistics agreement among the buyer, the seller and the third-party logistics provider (the “Logistics Agreement”). You acknowledge and agree that merQbiz shall not have any liability for services provided by the third-party logistics providers, and any remedies available to you shall be set forth in that separate Logistics Agreement.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>2.8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Release</b>. Because merQbiz is not, and cannot be, involved in dealings between buyers and sellers, if you have a dispute with a buyer or seller, you hereby agree to resolve such dispute in accordance with the merQbiz Dispute Resolution Policy and you hereby release merQbiz, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, demands and damages (actual, special, incidental and consequential, and including attorneys’ fees) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code §1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.”</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>2.9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Transfer of Title</b>. merQbiz does not obtain title to, nor transfer legal title of, Products from the seller to the buyer. All transfer of title terms shall be set forth in the seller's Listing (defined in Section 4.1 below) and negotiated between each buyer and seller.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>BACKGROUND CHECKS AND SELLER RATINGS/SCORES.</b></p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>3.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b>By registering as a buyer or seller on the Site, you and your Company hereby grant to merQbiz the right to conduct background checks and financial/credit checks on you and/or the Company. merQbiz shall have the right to share any information obtained through such background checks with third parties that help merQbiz conduct such background and financial/credit checks. The information gathered by such third parties and obtained by merQbiz shall not be disclosed publicly without your express permission, or as required by law. Information obtained by merQbiz through third-party investigations, background checks and financial/credit checks shall not be considered information governed by the merQbiz Privacy Policy.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>3.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b>By registering as a buyer or seller on the Site, you and your Company grant other users of the Site that conduct business with you and your Company the right to complete surveys and provide feedback and ratings about their experience with you and your Company, as well as the quality and accuracy of your Products, Listings, payment, shipping, communication or similar information. merQbiz shall not be liable for any rating, information or feedback provided about any user of the Site. If you disagree with any rating or feedback you receive from another user, you may dispute such feedback or rating in accordance with the merQbiz Dispute Resolution Policy.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>3.3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b>merQbiz uses information obtained as part of background checks and financial/credit checks, and feedback and ratings provided by users, to create a rating (the "User Rating"). Your User Rating is provided to other users to assist them in determining if they want to engage in a Transaction with you or your Company. merQbiz's method of determining a User Rating is proprietary to merQbiz and your User Rating is determined entirely in the sole discretion of merQbiz. If you disagree with your User Rating, you may contact merQbiz and request that merQbiz reassess your User Rating. However, merQbiz has no duty or obligation to adjust your User Rating. Your sole remedy if you are dissatisfied with your User Rating is to terminate your account in accordance with Section 1.5.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>3.4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b>You further acknowledge and agree that merQbiz shall not have any liability to you or your Company if your User Rating results in a buyer or seller refusing to engage in or complete a Transaction. MERQBIZ DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USER RATING, AND MERQBIZ SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, &nbsp;OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM YOUR USER RATING, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST OPPORTUNITIES, LOST SALES, LOST PROFITS, INJURY TO REPUTATION, OR ANY OTHER FORM OF LIABILITY, WHETHER ARISING UNDER CONTRACT OR TORT.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>TRANSACTIONS.</b></p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>4.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Postings by Sellers.</b>&nbsp;As a registered seller, you may post on the Site offers for the sale of Products (each, a “Listing”). Dealings between a buyer and seller for a particular Listing shall constitute a "Transaction" regardless of whether the Transaction is completed or not. All Listings shall comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and shall: (a) utilize merQbiz's recovered-paper grading system, which may assign a grade or rating to the Product ("Grade"); and (b) include the minimum information contained in a Listing form (such as quantity, location, Grade, pricing, shipping terms and other information relevant to a Transaction. In addition, buyers and sellers may communicate with each other through the Site in connection with a certain Transaction. Certain communications may be public and others may be private between only the sender and recipient depending on the method used to post a communication. All such communications shall be referred to as a “Posting.” merQbiz has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor, edit, refuse to post, or remove any Posting or Listing from the Site, in merQbiz’s sole discretion. Notwithstanding this right, merQbiz is not responsible for the content of any Listing or Posting; and any action taken by merQbiz, including monitoring of Postings and Listings, shall not constitute verification of the accuracy of the information contained in such Posting or Listing or a waiver of any terms or conditions contained in this Agreement or any other agreement referenced herein, and should not be relied upon by you for any purpose.&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>4.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Product Listings.</b>&nbsp;Listing a Product constitutes an offer to sell that Product on the Site. Agreeing to purchase a Product on terms contained in a Listing, constitutes an acceptance of that offer to sell. &nbsp;A seller's Listing may contain specific legal terms and conditions, and buyers and sellers may negotiate the final terms and conditions of any Transaction in writing. If a buyer accepts terms contained in a Listing, or a buyer and seller accept the final terms and conditions negotiated for a Transaction, the buyer and seller are entering into a binding legal contract. Notwithstanding anything contained in the terms of a Listing, or the final terms and conditions negotiated by a buyer and seller, you agree that such terms shall not modify, supersede or alter the terms and conditions agreed upon by you and merQbiz in this Agreement or any other agreement.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>4.3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Seller Representations.</b>&nbsp;As a seller, you and your Company represent to merQbiz that (a) you have the legal right to sell the Products you list, and (b) the sale of your Products on the Site will not (i) be fraudulent or involve the sale of counterfeit or stolen products, (ii) shall not infringe any party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy, or (iii) violate any Legal Requirement, including but not limited to those Legal Requirements governing export or import control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising.&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>4.4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Buyer Representations.</b>&nbsp;As a buyer, you and your Company represent to merQbiz that (a) you have the legal right to purchase the Product(s) you agree to purchase, and (b) the purchase of a Product on the Site will not (i) be fraudulent or involve the purchase of counterfeit or stolen products, (ii) infringe any party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy, or (iii) violate any Legal Requirement, including but not limited to those Legal Requirements governing export or import control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>4.5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Accuracy and Inspections.</b>&nbsp;You represent and warrant that all information in any Listing or Posting by you is true, accurate, up-to-date and not misleading.merQbiz, or its designee, shall have the right, upon reasonable prior notice and during regular business hours, to conduct a physical examination of the Product(s) and make a determination as to the quality of such Product(s), including, without limitation, the Grade of such Product(s) based on merQbiz's recovered-paper grading system.&nbsp; NOTWITHSTANDING ANY SUCH INSPECTION OR QUALITY DETERMINATION, MERQBIZ MAKES NO ENDORSEMENT OR WARRANTY REGARDING ANY PRODUCTS OR ANY TRANSACTION ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE SITE.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>4.6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Service Fees</b>. merQbiz shall have the right to collect a service fee based on a percentage of the total amount of each Transaction, excluding shipping and freight costs, taxes, VAT or government fees paid by a seller or buyer.&nbsp; The service-fee percentage will be based on the volume and grade of recovered paper bought and sold. A matrix of service-fee percentages (based on volume and grade) will be agreed to between you and merQbiz and shall apply to all of your Transactions during the specified term. When the term expires, you and merQbiz will renegotiate the fee matrix based on market conditions and other factors, including your Transaction volume. You acknowledge and agree that all service fees collected by or owed to merQbiz are nonrefundable even if you issue a full or partial refund to a buyer.&nbsp; You shall be solely responsible for all service fees paid or owed to merQbiz.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>4.7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Credit Cards and Electronic Methods of Payment</b>. By placing a credit card, bank routing information or other accepted form of electronic payment on file with merQbiz, you authorize merQbiz to charge you for any fees you accrue as a result of using the Site or Services and agree to remove any debit holds that may prevent merQbiz from charging such fees to your form of electronic payment. You authorize merQbiz to consolidate balances from any duplicate accounts you may have created on the Site and bill them to your credit card, bank account or other electronic payment method. You may revoke your authorization by updating your billing settings in your User Profile. merQbiz may continue to bill your account for any fees incurred by you prior to completion of processing the update to your billing settings. BY USING A CREDIT CARD, YOU HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL CHARGEBACK RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE. &nbsp;If you have any question about a charge on your credit card, contact merQbiz as described in the Notices section below. If you deliberately or inadvertently issue a chargeback to your credit card, your account will be terminated and you agree to pay a $50 processing-and-collection fee. merQbiz may use third-party payment-processing services. You consent to the use of such third-party payment-processing services and acknowledge and agree that merQbiz shall not have any liability for services provided by a third-party payment processor.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>4.8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Past Due Accounts</b>. If your account is past due, merQbiz reserves the right to void, suspend and/or terminate your Listings, and may terminate or suspend your account, including any Listings. If your account is more than 30 days past due, merQbiz reserves the right to report this transaction history to credit agencies.&nbsp; Past-due balances will be subject to a late fee of 1.5% per month or the highest amount permitted by applicable law, whichever is lower. If you fail to pay the past-due amounts, merQbiz may turn your account over to a collection agency and merQbiz reserves the right to pursue civil and criminal legal actions to the fullest extent allowed under applicable law; and merQbiz also reserves the right to downgrade your User Rating. If your account is past-due, you also must pay any and all collection costs (including collection agency fees, court costs and legal fees) merQbiz incurs in connection with your past-due account.&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>4.9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Legality of Purchase and Shipment.</b>&nbsp;If you sell or purchase Products on the Site, you agree to comply with all applicable Legal Requirements governing the specific requirements for transfer and shipping of that Product, including without limitation those found in the terms and conditions of this Agreement, which shall apply regardless of any contrary information contained in a seller’s Listing. You covenant and agree that: (a) you will comply with all applicable Legal Requirements in listing, selling, purchasing, transferring and shipping Products; (b) you shall be solely responsible for compliance with all applicable export or import controls with respect to these Transactions with respect to Products purchased or sold by you, (c) you shall comply with all Legal Requirements regarding the reporting, collection, withholding and payment of all taxes and duties applicable to the sale, export and transport of each Product; (d) you shall not engage in collusion, bid rigging or sale-price manipulation of any kind on any Product; and (e) you shall comply with this Agreement, as well as all terms on the Site and the Listing.&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>4.10&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>U.S. Requirements</b>. If you or the Products you are selling or attempting to purchase are located within the U.S. or owned by persons located within the U.S., you additionally warrant that you are familiar with the U.S. statutes and regulations governing export controls, sanctions and embargoes, and you additionally agree that you are not a national of or located in any country embargoed by the United States or on any other lists maintained by the U.S. federal government which prohibits or restricts participating in commercial or other transactions, and you are not using or accessing the Site on behalf of a party who is on any such lists.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>4.11&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Taxation</b>. You agree that merQbiz bears no responsibility for the reporting, payment, collection and remittance of any sales/use tax, VAT tax, transaction tax, transfer tax or any other fee or tax that may be assessed on any sale or Transaction conducted through the Site by any jurisdiction having taxing authority over the sale or Transaction. You agree that you are responsible for, and will indemnify merQbiz against, any liability for any sales/use, VAT or similar transaction tax that is or may be assessed by any jurisdiction with respect to the fees charged to sellers by merQbiz. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold merQbiz harmless from and against any and all liabilities, damages and costs that may result from inadequate reporting, payment, collection or remittance by you of any taxes relating to Transactions conducted on the Site.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>4.12&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Dispute Policy.&nbsp;</b>You and your Company expressly agree that any dispute between you, your Company and another user (buyer or seller) shall be resolved in accordance with the terms and conditions of the merQbiz Dispute Resolution Policy.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Intellectual Property.</b></p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>5.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Use of Content</b>. All materials, including images, text, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, programs, video clips and written and other materials that are part of the Site (collectively, the “Content”) are intended solely for use in connection with the Services provided on the Site. No right, title or interest in any materials or software is transferred to you as a result of this Agreement or of any use by you. You may not download, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Content, the Site or any related software, nor may you employ any bots or other means to “screen scrape” (or otherwise extract/obtain the benefit of) data regarding transactions from the Site. All software used on the Site is the property of merQbiz or its licensors and suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The Content and software on the Site may be used only as a resource for the marketing, sale and purchase of Products on the Site. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or performance, of the Content on the Site is strictly prohibited.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>5.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Copyrights and Trademarks</b>. Unless otherwise noted, all Content constitutes copyright, trademark, service mark, trade dress and/or other intellectual property owned, controlled or licensed by merQbiz or by third parties who have licensed their materials to merQbiz and are protected by U.S. and international intellectual property laws. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all Content on the Site is the exclusive property of merQbiz, or its affiliates and licensors, and is also protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. merQbiz.com, merQbiz, merQbiz logo and merQbiz tagline and other names and logos and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans used on the Site are the trademarks or service marks of merQbiz or its affiliates or licensors (collectively "merQbiz Trademarks"). All other marks are the property of their respective companies. No trademark or service mark license is granted in connection with the materials contained on the Site. Access to the Site does not authorize anyone to use any name, logo or mark in any manner. You may not use meta tags or other hidden text utilizing any merQbiz Trademarks without the express prior written consent of merQbiz.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>5.3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>Submissions</b>. All reviews, comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to merQbiz on or by this Site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of the Site (collectively, the "Comments") shall be and remain merQbiz property. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to merQbiz of all worldwide right, title and interest in and to all copyrights and other intellectual property in the Comments. As a result, merQbiz will own exclusively all such right, title and interest and will not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any Comments.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>SECURITY.&nbsp;&nbsp;</b>You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, or otherwise abusing the Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for you or logging onto a server or an account which you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mailbombing" or "crashing"; (d) sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or Services via the Site, or using any&nbsp;information about other users obtained from the Site in order to do so; (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting; (f) using any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any activity being conducted on the Site or bypass any measures used to restrict access to the Site; (g) using or attempting to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the Site other than the search engine and search agents available from merQbiz on the Site and other than generally available third-party web browsers; or (h) collecting information about other users without their consent. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>NO WARRANTIES; DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; Limits of Liability.</b></p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>7.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES</b>. YOU AGREE THAT USE OF THE SITE AND THE SERVICES ON THE SITE ARE ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SITE AND SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT, PRODUCTS, LISTINGS, POSTINGS, FUNCTIONS, AND INFORMATION MADE AVAILABLE ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SITE, ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. MERQBIZ DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR ITS FUNCTIONS WILL BE TIMELY, SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>7.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b>MERQBIZ MAKES NO ENDORSEMENT OR WARRANTY REGARDING ANY PRODUCTS POSTED ON THE SITE OR ANY TRANSACTION ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE SITE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM MERQBIZ OR THROUGH THE SITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. MERQBIZ EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMs ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY MISREPRESENTATIONS OR BREACHES COMMITTED BY ANY USER OF THE SITE. NEITHER merqbiz nor any MERQBIZ PARTIES (DEFINED BELOW) MAKE ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SITE or services. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER merqbiz nor any MERQBIZ PARTIES REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE SITE, ITS CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES OR products OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>7.3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b><b>LIMITATION OF LIABILITY</b>. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NONE OF MERQBIZ, ITS AFFILIATES, OR ANY OF THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS (COLLECTIVELY, “MERQBIZ PARTIES”) SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT ARE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY RELATED TO THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE OR SERVICES, OR RELATED TO THE INFORMATION, CONTENT AND FUNCTIONS THEREOF, WHETHER GENERATED BY THE SITE, BY ANOTHER USER OR BY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO THE SITE, DELAYS OR DISRUPTIONS IN THE SITE, ACTIONS TAKEN BY THIRD PARTIES THROUGH THE SITE, ACTIONS TAKEN RELATED TO YOUR ACCOUNT, OR VIRUSES OR MALWARE OBTAINED BY USING THE SITE OR LINKS ON THE SITE (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS, LOST BUSINESS OR LOST SALES, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR REPUTATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF INFORMATION), EVEN IF MERQBIZ OR ANY MERQBIZ PARTIES HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>7.4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b>MERQBIZ PARTIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY VIRUSES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>7.5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b>TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF THE MERQBIZ PARTIES TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF THE SITE SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO MERQBIZ IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO YOUR CLAIM.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>8.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Indemnification</b>. You shall indemnify, defend and hold each and all of the merQbiz Parties harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, judgments and fees and expenses related thereto (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees), incurred by any merQbiz Parties in connection with any claims arising out of, based upon or resulting from any of the following, whether by you or by a third party using your log-in: (a) any breach or violation of this Agreement, (b) any use of the Site, (c) a dispute with another user, buyer or seller,&nbsp;(d) any violation of any applicable law or regulation governing your activities on or off of the Site, or (e) the infringement of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. merQbiz reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and you shall not in any event settle or otherwise dispose of any matter without merQbiz's prior written consent.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; GENERAL.</b></p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>9.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; International Buyers and Sellers</b>. The Site is controlled, operated and administered by merQbiz, which is based within the United States. merQbiz makes no representation that functions or information found at the Site are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of the United States and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use the Site or export the information found on or at this Site in violation of U.S. or other export laws and regulations. If you access this Site from a location outside of the U.S., you are responsible for compliance with all laws applicable to you.&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>9.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Choice of Law</b>. All matters relating to the Site, the Services or this Agreement and any controversy, claim or dispute with respect thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to (a) any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction); (b) the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, and/or (c) the 1974 Convention on the Limitation Period in the International Sale of Goods, as amended.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>9.3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Arbitration</b>. Any controversy, claim or dispute with respect to the Site, the Services or this Agreement will be determined by binding arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"). The arbitration will be conducted by a single, neutral arbitrator selected by mutual agreement of the parties or, if the parties cannot reach an agreement, by AAA under its standard selection procedures. Except as mutually agreed by the parties, the arbitration will take place in Los Angeles, California. Reasonable discovery will be permitted for the production of documents and the taking of depositions for a reasonable period after the filing of the request for arbitration. All discovery will be governed by the United States Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Any discovery disputes will be resolved by the arbitrator. Judgment on any arbitration award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. All fees and expenses of the arbitration will be borne by the parties equally; provided, that each party will bear the expense of its own counsel, experts, witnesses, and preparation and presentation of proof. Neither party nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence, content or results of any arbitration under this Section 9.3 without prior written consent of both parties. This arbitration provision will survive if this Agreement should be adjudged null and void or should be canceled or terminated for any reason. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge that a breach or threatened breach by you of any of your obligations under Section 5 or Section 6 would give rise to irreparable harm to merQbiz and other parties for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy, and you hereby agree that in the event of such a breach or a threatened breach merQbiz will, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies that may be available in respect thereof, be entitled to equitable relief, including a temporary restraining order, an injunction, specific performance and any other relief that may be available from a court of competent jurisdiction (without any requirement to post bond).</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>9.4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Limitation on Time to File Claims</b>. ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.</p>
            <p><b>&nbsp;</b></p>
            <p><b>9.5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Waiver of Class Action Rights.</b>&nbsp;Under this Agreement, YOU will not be able to proceed against merQbiz through a class or representative action, but will only be able to pursue claims or seek relief against merQbiz on an individual basis. ACCORDINGLY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW,&nbsp;YOU, THE COMPANY AND MERQBIZ HEREBY (A) WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO BRING CLAIMS AS PART OF ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR&nbsp;PROCEEDING, (B) UNLESS BOTH YOU AND MERQBIZ AGREE TO THE CONTRARY, MORE THAN ONE PARTY'S CLAIMS MAY NOT BE CONSOLIDATED OR JOINED BY THE APPLICABLE COURT, AND (C) ANY RELIEF AWARDED TO YOU CANNOT AFFECT OTHER SELLERS, AND VICE VERSA.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>9.6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Electronic Execution</b>. Your electronic acceptance of this Agreement on the Site on which it is displayed shall constitute your acceptance of all terms and conditions of this Agreement and such acceptance shall have the same legal force and effect as if you had physically signed such Agreement. You agree to the admissibility of computer records and electronic evidence in any dispute under this Agreement.&nbsp;</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>9.7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Independent Contractors</b>. You, your Company and merQbiz are independent contractors. No agency relationship, partnership, joint venture, employer-employee relationship or franchisor-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>9.8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; General Provisions</b>. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to put into effect the intent of this Agreement, and the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. The failure by either party to exercise or enforce any rights or provisions of this Agreement (including the Site Rules or other document incorporated by reference herein) shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. This Agreement, including any other applicable terms and conditions or rules that govern your use of individual Services, which are either incorporated herein by specific reference or posted on the Site from time to time, comprises the entire agreement between you and merQbiz and supersedes all prior representations, agreements or statements between merQbiz, written or oral, regarding the subject matter contained herein (including any prior Agreement for the Site). All provisions in this Agreement regarding representations and warranties, indemnification, disclaimers and limitations on liability shall survive any termination of this Agreement. The titles and headings contained in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not intended to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. This Agreement is binding upon and inures to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of the parties, but you may not assign this Agreement to any person or entity without merQbiz's prior written consent, and any such assignments made without consent shall be null and void. This Agreement is solely for the benefit of merQbiz, its affiliates, and you, and shall not be construed for the benefit of any third party.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p><b>9.9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Notices</b>. Except as explicitly stated otherwise, any notices you send to merQbiz shall be given by email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:support@merqbiz.com">support@merqbiz.com</a>&nbsp;or by mail to merQbiz LLC, 1230 Rosecrans Avenue, Suite 500, Manhattan Beach, CA 90266, Attn: Support. merQbiz will send you notices to the email address or street address listed in your User Profile. Notice shall be deemed given 24 hours after an electronic message is sent or, in the case of mailing, three (3) days after the date of mailing.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
